[Music]
Psalm 146 praise the Lord praise the
Lord O my soul while I live I will
praise the Lord I will sing praises to
my god while I have my being do not put
your trust in Princes nor in a son of
man in whom there is no help his spirit
departs he returns to his earth in that
very day his plans perish happy is he
who has the God of Jacob for his help
whose hope is in the Lord his God who
made heaven and earth the sea and all
that is in them who keeps truth forever
who executes justice for the oppressed
who gives food to the hungry the Lord
gives freedom to the prisoners the Lord
opens the eyes of the blind the Lord
raises those who are bowed down the Lord
loves the righteous the Lord watches
over the strangers he relieves the
fatherless and widow but the way of the
wicked he turns upside down the Lord
shall reign forever your God o Zion to
all generations praise the Lord
[Music]